
*-*-*-*
Forklift Accident Report - 5th July 2021
Samantha Wright
Max White
On Friday 5th July 2020, at 3.35pm, a forklift driver, Max White, was driving the forklift
he usually drives in the Sunny Side Warehouse, ABC Street, when the front right tire got
caught on a piece of wood on the ground, causing the forklift to overturn with Max inside it. 

Luckily a co-worker was nearby to help Max climb out of the right side of the forklift. Max
was shaken up and reported that his left shoulder and left side of his neck were hurting
him from the impact. Max decided he did not need to go to the hospital as he felt like he
would only obtain bruises from his injuries and that they were not severe enough to need
medical attention. His manager sent him home for the rest of the day to ensure he did not
strain himself further. 

The wood that caused the forklift to overturn had not been stacked properly and has
now been moved to a secure location in the warehouse to make sure it does not cause
any more issues for forklift drivers. 
%-%-%-%

*-*-*-*
Fall Incident Report - 6th March 2021
Kyle Jenkins
Samantha Wright
In Fairview Boutique on Friday March 6th, 2020, Samantha Wright was
stacking shelves while standing on a ladder in order to reach the top shelf of 
handbags at 4.10pm.

As she was stretching to place a bag on the shelf, the ladder collapsed from
under her and she fell to the ground. Her co-worker heard the loud noise and
immediately helped her. Samantha was in a lot of pain and could not get to her
feet as she felt lightheaded. An ambulance was phoned, and she was brought to
hospital. Samantha obtained a broken right arm, bruised thigh and hip, and a
bump to the head that left no major head injury. She was recommended three
weeks off work at the minimum by doctors. 

The fall was concluded to be of nobody else’s fault but was put down to
Samantha accidently overreaching instead of moving the ladder to where she
needed to see.
%-%-%-%

*-*-*-*
Hand Injury Incident Report - 21st April 2020
Kyle Jenkins
Willow Maintenance, Yellow Abbey Grove, Kyle Jenkins
On April 21st, 2020, at Willow Maintenance, Yellow Abbey Grove, Kyle Jenkins was
about to use a miter saw to cut some timber, but when he started to use the
saw, it jolted, causing the saw to come down suddenly on his hand. 

Kyle’s left thumb was cut deeply by the saw and he lost a lot of blood.
Co-workers came to his aid, turned the saw off and helped him stop the bleeding
with tissues. He was then brought to the hospital where he received eight stitches
and was told to not use the hand for rigorous work for 4 weeks. The head of
Willow Maintenance inspected the saw to check for any issues and see why it came
down and cut Kyle’s hand. It appeared that whoever was the last person to use the
machine did not put the safety latch back on the saw once they had finished
using it. 

If this safety latch was on the saw when Kyle used it, it would not have cut his
hand, but rather, automatically shut off once it jolted. The manager decided to
take a day to retrain his staff to ensure they adhere to the health and safety
guidelines of the company.
%-%-%-%

*-*-*-*
Exposure Incident Report - 26th May 2020
Kyle Jenkins
Annie Bedley
In Woodbell factory, Springville, on Tuesday May 26th, 2020, Annie Bedley was
packaging household cleaning products when a bottle tipped over onto her wrist. 

She got up from her seat to wash off the chemical in the washroom. She then went
to her supervisor to show her what had happened. Annie’s wrist was red and itchy
but was not burning as she had washed off the remnants of the chemical immediately.
Annie’s supervisor brought her to the office to sit with a cold compress on her
hand and applied a layer of ointment to treat the burn. Annie did not feel like she
would need further medical assistance and agreed with her supervisor that she would
need two to three days off work to ensure the burn did not get irritated. 

Annie was wearing appropriate PPE at the time of the incident and no faults were
found on the conveyor belt at the packing bay. The incident has been noted as an
accident with nobody to blame. Photographic evidence of the burn has been included
in this file.
%-%-%-%

*-*-*-*
First Aid Incident Report - 15th November 2019
Annie Bedley
Arthur Stokes
On Friday November 15h 2019, Arthur Stokes was walking along the corridor between
building four and five of Graygrock Inc. when he noticed that there was something
sharp sticking through the bottom of his right shoe. 

He stopped to see what it was and found a nail stuck in his shoe. He took his shoe
off and lucking was able to pull the nail out as it hadn’t pierced through to his
foot and only minorly scraped it. He saw the stairwell was getting new handrails
fitted and presumed the nail came from that. He saw two other nails further along
the corridor and decided to pick them up to make sure nobody else stood on them.
He reported to his manager’s office where he presented the nails and explained the
situation. His foot had a small cut, so Arthur’s manager gave him an anti-septic
wipe and a band-aid to help him. 

Arthur returned to work while his manager talked to the construction workers about
keeping their workspace neat and to prevent any further accidents like this from
happening.
%-%-%-%